docs/pages/index.mdx, before:

# Mod Publish Plugin

A modern Gradle plugin to publish Minecraft mods to a range of destinations. Start with the [Getting Started](/getting_started) page.

### Features
- Supports CurseForge, Modrinth, Github and Discord
- Typesafe DSL to easily publish to multiple locations with minimal repetition 
- Retry on failure
- Dry run mode to try and increase confidence in your buildscript before releases
- Built with modern Gradle features
- Mod loader independent 

### FAQ
- Why use Kotlin?
  - I wanted to explore using Kotlin for a larger project, as Gradle already includes Kotlin there should be little downside to the end user.
  - Gradle includes Kotlin so there is no additional dependency for the end user.
  - Groovy buildscripts are fully supported.
- Why do I need to specify the minecraft versions for both CurseForge and Modrinth?
  - Curseforge and Modrinth use different versioning for snapshots, thus they must be defined for each platform.
- Feature x or platform y is not supported
  - Please open an issue on this repo!
- I have a question and need some help
  - Please use the mod publish plugin discord channel on the [Team Reborn Discord](https://discord.gg/teamreborn)

### Changelog
#### 0.8.2
- Allow providing the version name instead of version id for a modrinth dependency
#### 0.8.1
- Fix to accommodate a change in Modrinth's API for updating project descriptions
#### 0.8.0
- Add modern Discord message styles and link button and inline link support
- Support setting CurseForge additional file display name.
- Fail on duplicate Github file names.
- Use `convention` instead of `set` in `from` functions, removes the need for `from` to be first.

Commit message:

Add helper to depend on files from another subproject

docs/pages/index.mdx, after:

# Mod Publish Plugin

A modern Gradle plugin to publish Minecraft mods to a range of destinations. Start with the [Getting Started](/getting_started) page.

### Features
- Supports CurseForge, Modrinth, Github and Discord
- Typesafe DSL to easily publish to multiple locations with minimal repetition 
- Retry on failure
- Dry run mode to try and increase confidence in your buildscript before releases
- Built with modern Gradle features
- Mod loader independent 

### FAQ
- Why use Kotlin?
  - I wanted to explore using Kotlin for a larger project, as Gradle already includes Kotlin there should be little downside to the end user.
  - Gradle includes Kotlin so there is no additional dependency for the end user.
  - Groovy buildscripts are fully supported.
- Why do I need to specify the minecraft versions for both CurseForge and Modrinth?
  - Curseforge and Modrinth use different versioning for snapshots, thus they must be defined for each platform.
- Feature x or platform y is not supported
  - Please open an issue on this repo!
- I have a question and need some help
  - Please use the mod publish plugin discord channel on the [Team Reborn Discord](https://discord.gg/teamreborn)

### Changelog
#### 0.8.3
- Add helper to depend on files from another subproject
- Add documentation and tests for the common use case of multi platform setups
#### 0.8.2
- Allow providing the version name instead of version id for a modrinth dependency
#### 0.8.1
- Fix to accommodate a change in Modrinth's API for updating project descriptions
#### 0.8.0
- Add modern Discord message styles and link button and inline link support
- Support setting CurseForge additional file display name.
- Fail on duplicate Github file names.
- Use `convention` instead of `set` in `from` functions, removes the need for `from` to be first.
