docs/pages/platforms/modrinth.mdx, before:

## Basic example
See the following minimal example showing how to publish the `remapJar` task to Modrinth:
```groovy
publishMods {
    file = remapJar.archiveFile
    changelog = "Changelog"
    type = STABLE
    modLoaders.add("fabric")

    modrinth {
        accessToken = providers.environmentVariable("MODRINTH_API_KEY")
        projectId = "12345678"
        minecraftVersions.add("1.20.1")
    }
}

```

You will need to generate a Modrinth PAT token in your account settings [here](https://modrinth.com/settings/pats), you can set this an environment variable.
If you plan to publish from your local machine using a Gradle user property may be more convenient:

You can use the gradle property provider like so:
`providers.gradleProperty('CURSEFORGE_API_KEY')`


## Multiple projects
You can create multiple Modrinth destinations by providing a name like so:
```groovy
publishMods {
    modrinth("modrinthProjectA") {
        // Configure Modrinth settings for project A here
    }

    modrinth("modrinthProjectB") {
        // Configure Modrinth settings for project B here
    }
}
```
## All options
See the following example showing all the Modrinth specific options:
```groovy
publishMods {
    modrinth {
        accessToken = providers.environmentVariable("MODRINTH_API_KEY")
        projectId = "12345678"
        minecraftVersions.add("1.20.1")

        // Optionally set the announcement title used by the discord publisher
        announcementTitle = "Download from Modrinth"

        // Optionally update the project description after publishing a file
        // This can be useful if you want to sync your Github readme with the Modrinth project description
        projectDescription = providers.fileContents(layout.projectDirectory.file("readme.md")).asText

        // You can specify a range of Minecraft versions like so:
        minecraftVersionRange {
            start = "1.19.4"
            end = "1.20.2" // Set to "latest" to use the latest minecraft version

            // Optionally include snapshot versions, defaults to false
            includeSnapshots = true
        }

        // You can specify either the project id OR slug, but not both.
        requires {
            id = "12345678"
            slug = "project-slug"

            // You can optionally specify a version id or name for the dependency
            version = "IIJJKKLL"
        }
        optional {
            id = "12345678"
            slug = "project-slug"
        }
        incompatible {
            id = "12345678"
            slug = "project-slug"
        }
        embeds {
            id = "12345678"
            slug = "project-slug"
        }

        // You can use the shortened method if you only need to specify the slug
        requires("project-slug")
        optional("project-slug")
        incompatible("project-slug")
        embeds("project-slug")
    }
}
```

Commit message:

Add note about what token options to use.

docs/pages/platforms/modrinth.mdx, after:

## Basic example
See the following minimal example showing how to publish the `remapJar` task to Modrinth:
```groovy
publishMods {
    file = remapJar.archiveFile
    changelog = "Changelog"
    type = STABLE
    modLoaders.add("fabric")

    modrinth {
        accessToken = providers.environmentVariable("MODRINTH_API_KEY")
        projectId = "12345678"
        minecraftVersions.add("1.20.1")
    }
}

```

You will need to generate a Modrinth PAT token in your account settings [here](https://modrinth.com/settings/pats), you can set this an environment variable.
If you plan to publish from your local machine using a Gradle user property may be more convenient:

You can use the gradle property provider like so:
`providers.gradleProperty('CURSEFORGE_API_KEY')`


## Multiple projects
You can create multiple Modrinth destinations by providing a name like so:
```groovy
publishMods {
    modrinth("modrinthProjectA") {
        // Configure Modrinth settings for project A here
    }

    modrinth("modrinthProjectB") {
        // Configure Modrinth settings for project B here
    }
}
```
## Token options
When creating your Modrinth personal access token, you should give it the following scopes:
- Create versions
- Read versions
- Write versions

If you are using the `projectDescription` option, you will need also need to give it the following scopes:
- Read projects
- Write projects

## All options
See the following example showing all the Modrinth specific options:
```groovy
publishMods {
    modrinth {
        accessToken = providers.environmentVariable("MODRINTH_API_KEY")
        projectId = "12345678"
        minecraftVersions.add("1.20.1")

        // Optionally set the announcement title used by the discord publisher
        announcementTitle = "Download from Modrinth"

        // Optionally update the project description after publishing a file
        // This can be useful if you want to sync your Github readme with the Modrinth project description
        projectDescription = providers.fileContents(layout.projectDirectory.file("readme.md")).asText

        // You can specify a range of Minecraft versions like so:
        minecraftVersionRange {
            start = "1.19.4"
            end = "1.20.2" // Set to "latest" to use the latest minecraft version

            // Optionally include snapshot versions, defaults to false
            includeSnapshots = true
        }

        // You can specify either the project id OR slug, but not both.
        requires {
            id = "12345678"
            slug = "project-slug"

            // You can optionally specify a version id or name for the dependency
            version = "IIJJKKLL"
        }
        optional {
            id = "12345678"
            slug = "project-slug"
        }
        incompatible {
            id = "12345678"
            slug = "project-slug"
        }
        embeds {
            id = "12345678"
            slug = "project-slug"
        }

        // You can use the shortened method if you only need to specify the slug
        requires("project-slug")
        optional("project-slug")
        incompatible("project-slug")
        embeds("project-slug")
    }
}
```
